ASP.NET Core Module compatibility (#21914)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/aspnet-core-module.md

## Install ASP.NET Core Module

> The ASP.NET Core Module is installed with the .NET Core Runtime from the [.NET Core Hosting Bundle](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/hosting-bundle). The ASP.NET Core Module is forward and backward compatible with releases of .NET.

Reviewer: I'd maybe mention LTS here.

## Install ASP.NET Core Module

The ASP.NET Core Module is installed with the .NET Core Runtime from the [.NET Core Hosting Bundle](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/hosting-bundle). The ASP.NET Core Module is forward and backward compatible with LTS releases of .NET.

> Breaking changes or security advisories that apply to the ASP.NET Core Module or .NET Core Hosting Bundle are reported on the [Announcements repo](https://github.com/aspnet/Announcements/issues). Announcements can be filtered with `label:{VERSION}`, where the `{VERSION}` placeholder is a .NET release version (for example, `label:6.0.0`).

Reviewer 2: Only a suggestion. Filtered made me look in the **Filters**. Mine is probably too verbose, folks can figure it out.

```suggestion
Breaking changes or security advisories that apply to the ASP.NET Core Module or .NET Core Hosting Bundle are reported on the [Announcements repo](https://github.com/aspnet/Announcements/issues). Announcements displayed can be limited to a specific version the with `label:{VERSION}`, where the `{VERSION}` placeholder is a .NET release version. For example, selecting **6.0.0** from the **Label** fiters displays only issues for the 6.0.0 release.
```

Author: Yes on the use of the DDL. That's a better way to go.

Reviewer 2: S&M, include is over-kill

## How to install and use the ASP.NET Core Module

For instructions on how to install the ASP.NET Core Module, see [Install the .NET Core Hosting Bundle](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/index#install-the-net-core-hosting-bundle). The ASP.NET Core Module is forward and backward compatible with LTS releases of .NET.

> Breaking changes or security advisories that apply to the ASP.NET Core Module or .NET Core Hosting Bundle are reported on the [Announcements repo](https://github.com/aspnet/Announcements/issues). Announcements can be filtered with `label:{VERSION}`, where the `{VERSION}` placeholder is a .NET release version (for example, `label:6.0.0`).

Reviewer 2: See previous suggestion.
